Add missing platform_family attribute (#2768)
chef/chef-web-docs: themes/docs-new/layouts/shortcodes/ohai_automatic_attribute.md

<td>The platform on which a node is running. This attribute helps determine which providers will be used.</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><code>node['platform_family']</code></td>

> <td>The platform family is a Chef Infra specific grouping of similar platforms where cookbook code can often be shared. For example `rhel` includes Red Hat Linux, Oracle Linux, CentOS, and several other platforms that are nearly identical to Red Hat Linux.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>`platform_family` is a Chef Infra attribute that groups together similar platforms in order to support sharing cookbook code. For example `[platform_family][rhel]` includes Red Hat Linux, Oracle Linux, CentOS, and several other platforms that are nearly identical to Red Hat Linux.</td>
```

Author: InSpec doesn't actually use this value. In a perfect world that would be true, but this is 100% an infra thing.

Reviewer: OmO. It calls `platform_family` to match `os.family`.

Author: os.family and platform_family do not match.  It's a mess, but we're stuck with it unless one of you has a time machine.
